Deployment and Hosting services.

The project management is very important for our group work, it allow us to nitify the others what have done and what need to be done. We used Trello as our project Management tool, which allowed us to create our own lists of daily activities to help the team easily plan our workflow. As a project management tool, it allows users to collaborate with their members and run tasks related to their projects without switching from one application to another. Moving these tasks on the platform is also easy and can indicate the progress of the project.On the other hand, Trello can help us assign tasks to each team member and manage everyone's task planning, thus improving our work efficiency.

When developing our website, we chose to use two websites, a staging site and a real website, our hosting website. The Staging site is the local environment website for everyone in our group, we use vagrant and a virtual box to run wordpress, so that everyone can now make their own parts of the web page on their own computers.

For our hosting webiste, after some discussions in our group and online research, we finally chose Godaddy because Godaddy's hosting services support and provide wordpress services. On the Godaddy website, our group purchased a domain name: http://cp3402group6.com . Also, the godaddy website provides a one-month free trial of hosting services, so it is very suitable for our group's project this time. But link this We also encountered some problems when new domain name and our wordpress website. After linking the domain name and website again, the domain name still displays 404 Not Found, but after we communicated with Godaddy customer service, this problem was solved.

After some research, we found that in the wordpress website generated by godaddy, we cannot modify and edit the website at the same time by multiple people, because we only have one username and password, so at the very beginning, people in our group will Set good times, such as who edits the site in the morning and who edits the site in the evening. But in the end, we found that this was very slow, so we chose to use our own staging site at the same time, and then update to our hosting website.

We also encountered quite a few problems when we wanted to update the website theme and website content from the staging site to our hosting site. For example, since we only have one administrator account and password to log in to the hosting wordpress site, we have no way to let everyone edit our website together. So after discussion, we decided to export the website's files at the staging site, and then import it to the hosting site. For the theme, we also edited the html and css files on the local visual studio and tested them, and then packaged them into zip and uploaded them to the github repository of our group. Then, one person in the group can pull from github and install the zip file into the hosting website.
